come on don't have any brakes
see what did you do he was going to stab
me now he's going to kill you fuck him
look at this man screwed again you want
to know we're living in a nice candor
banging four women is because of shit
like these assholes Mallory hey
beautiful
yeah listen I'm having a bit of a
problem at the office I can't do it Nico
can do it huh and what well why would
you want me that well screw you then
great girl can you do me a favor
Mallory needs a lift can you go pick her
up at the hook beach subway station yeah
take the cab she's got the friend with
her maybe someone you can date a fuck
you know man look at this crap make a
computer and everything
get in ladies hey Niko thanks for coming
I should have known her mom would find
some excuse not to turn up this is
Michelle
hi how are you my place is over I'll go
Hawk Avenue
are you riding America Nico
not exactly what I expected
to show you a good time Michelle how
about you gallery stop it
on you guys you're both single euro
zone's taken up anikó okay I'd like to
see you again
Nikko he looked like that kind of guy I
want to get to know you look like you
just jumped off the boat Nikko handsome
man like you should get some new threads
I think he looks fine the way he is I
don't think he even changed out of those
things on the journey
how you gonna impress a classy girl like
Michele I'm easily impressed I know you
are sweetie and I just don't get it
thanks for the lift Nico yeah thanks
give me a call sometime see you soon
Michele
gazon i dropped the girls off the friend
gave me her number but I don't think
Mallory likes my clothes
Oh
good choice I like this one too
come again if you want of course
a ramen I got some clothes it looks like
they brought the stuff in from the old
country though we take what we get when
the big money rolls in and we will look
real classy
anyway you have Michelle the classic
girl for your arm
you